README.md, before:

# NFSW Server

[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/aaditya/sbrw-server/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/aaditya/sbrw-server)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://github.com/aaditya/sbrw-server/graphs/commit-activity)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL-blue.svg)](https://github.com/aaditya/sbrw-server/blob/master/LICENSE)

## Description

You need to build asset db after installing dependencies (need to automate that for production setups). 

If you want to contribute, you might want to change the linting rule linebreak-style.

## Requirements

* NodeJS (v12+) + NPM / Yarn

* MongoDB 

## Setup

> Create a file called .env in the root directory with content as follows:

```env
NODE_ENV=development
PORT=8680
SECRET_KEY=<Token Signing Key>
MONGO_URI=<Mongodb Uri>
ENABLE_UDP=false
CRYPT_KEY=<32 character string for encryption>
```

## Installation

* `npm i` or `yarn add`

## Running

> Development `npm run start-dev`

> Production `npm start`

## What's done

> Login / Register Works

> Permanent Session is forming well.

### Working Modules

* Products in Category 

* Create/Delete Driver Persona.

* Auth.

### Miscellaneous

* API List.

* UDP server setup.

## To Do

### Priority 1

* Error Handler (Most Most Important)

* Baskets

* Persona Routes (Most Important)

### Priority 2

* Intuitive Logger Function.

* UDP packet capturing.

* Multiplayer Patch

* Freeroam Patch

Commit message:

Persona Unification and Asset Generation

README.md, after:

# SBRW Server

[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/aaditya/sbrw-server/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/aaditya/sbrw-server)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://github.com/aaditya/sbrw-server/graphs/commit-activity)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL-blue.svg)](https://github.com/aaditya/sbrw-server/blob/master/LICENSE)

## Description

This server is a NodeJS port of SBRW Server, written in Java.

If you want to contribute, you might want to change the linting rule linebreak-style as per your OS.

## Requirements

* NodeJS (v12+)

* MongoDB 

## Setup

> Create a file `.env` in the root directory with content as follows:

```env
NODE_ENV=development
PORT=8680
SECRET_KEY=<Token Signing Key>
MONGO_URI=<Mongodb URI>
ENABLE_UDP=false
CRYPT_KEY=<32 character string for encryption>
```

## Installation

* `npm i`

## Running

> Development `npm run start-dev`

> Production `npm start`

## What's done

> Login / Register Works

> Permanent Session is forming well.

> Automated Assets Generation.

### Working Modules

* Products in Category 

* Create/Delete Driver Persona.

* Auth.

### Miscellaneous

* API List.

* UDP server setup.

## To Do

### Priority 1

* Persona Routes

* Baskets

### Priority 2

* Intuitive Logger Function.

* UDP packet capturing.

* Multiplayer Patch

* Freeroam Patch
